Feature/progress bar (#249)
gsoft-inc/ov-igloo-ui: packages/ProgressBar/README.md

# ProgressBar

> Progress bar that displays linear progress. Works best with elements that doesn't involve specific steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Progress bar that displays linear progress. Works best with elements that do not involve specific steps.
```
